ask users to update all components when updating the central server (#5186)
centreon/centreon-documentation: versioned_docs/version-24.10/update/update-centreon-platform.md

This chapter describes how to update your Centreon 24.10 platform (i.e. switch from version 24.10.x to version 24.10.y).

> > When you update your central server, make sure you also update all your remote servers and your pollers.

Author: ```suggestion
> After updating your central server, make sure you also update all your remote servers and your pollers.
```

>

> > All servers in your architecture must have the same version of Centreon.

Author: ```suggestion
> All servers in your architecture must have the same major version of Centreon and, if possible, the same minor version as well.
```
